yeah oh thank you right we've taken me
actually see people how come see first
you kill Oh No yeah okay no Daniel what
baby nothing now something to the other
day boom oh god just stole my kill well
you know what you didn't save me so uh I
don't know I tried looking so hard for
it's kind of busy yo Oh as I say what
him to back out
and smarter up there's a guy outside
crap no I want to freshen it just like
shut down oh oh oh jamaica moss wow if
it wasn't liking somebody stole my kill
my life i put him in the last and then
somebody shot you feel my killed all the
time baby there's like what you would
you are getting a triple don't need to
kill from just kicking it I'm sorry and
you feel them I get a hair marker it's
like Oh 20 is the other hitmarker cool
adam i look at the feet inside oh you
know basic ah another hit marker onyx 11
I'm basket on these i straight-up spot
my stupid because I did you get the
haunted i'm lagging that's all mine oh
there's a guy upstairs in that building
so i tried shooting him but the his benz
like to save them yeah this seems out
there no more whoop whoop yep uh-huh
on of that are see that's mine that's
blue tiger camo yeah actually it to earn
on my stuff though it's kind of sucks I
shot you give me a knocker and then shot
the other guy oh god there's a lot of
people I don't okay apparently i'm bad
at throwing boom i just missed the
window twice you guys wanna dance let's
party like there's no saturday cuz it's
Saturday get it now today
well I have nothing else had you going
oh god you're welcome that's me I shot
from far away Thanks some recon hey um
somebody to speak I think I hear I can't
hear you
oh I don't know who to go for Dorothy
crap every time I would see somebody up
in the window it back away and then I to
somebody on the ground then they'd go
away somebody's moving though oh no way
oh you like that don't you what'd you
get Oh what somebody just boom Oh even
in them with it no no let's just yes
whole OD potshot getting down the bar
bad boys
ah